chore: Update readme to remove self-hosted references (#16434)
PostHog/posthog: README.md

</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://posthog.com/docs">Docs</a> - <a href="https://posthog.com/community">Community</a> - <a href="https://posthog.com/roadmap">Roadmap</a> - <a href="https://posthog.com/changelog">Changelog</a> - <a href="https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md">Bug reports</a> 
</p>

## PostHog is an all-in-one, open source platform for building better products

- Specify events manually, or use autocapture to get started quickly
- Analyze data with ready-made visualizations, or do it yourself with SQL

> - Gather insights by capturing session replays, console logs and network monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gather insights by capturing session replays, console logs, and network monitoring
```

- Improve your product with A/B testing that automatically analyzes performance
- Safely roll out features to select users or cohorts with feature flags
- Connect to external services and manage data flows with PostHog CDP

> PostHog can be deployed in the EU or US and is fully SOC 2 compliant. It's free to get started and your first 1 million events (and 15k replays) are free every month. We're constantly adding new features, such as user surveys!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostHog is available with hosting in the EU or US and is fully SOC 2 compliant. It's free to get started and your first 1 million events (and 15k replays) are free every month. We're constantly adding new features, such as user surveys!
```

## Get started for free

### PostHog Cloud (Recommended)

The fastest and most reliable way to get started with PostHog is signing up for free to [PostHog Cloud](https://app.posthog.com/signup) or [PostHog Cloud EU](https://eu.posthog.com/signup). Your first 1 million events (and 15k replays) are free every month, after which you pay based on usage.

### Open-source hobby deploy (Advanced)

You can deploy a hobby instance in one line on Linux with Docker (recommended 4GB memory):

 ```bash 
  /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/posthog/posthog/HEAD/bin/deploy-hobby)" 
 ``` 

> Open source deployments should scale to approximately <100k events per month, after which we recommend migrating to a PostHog Cloud instance. See our [docs for more info and limitations](https://posthog.com/docs/self-host/open-source/deployment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open source deployments should scale to approximately 100k events per month, after which we recommend migrating to a PostHog Cloud instance. See our [docs for more info and limitations](https://posthog.com/docs/self-host/open-source/deployment).
```

- **Plays nicely with data warehouses:** import events or user data from your warehouse by writing a simple transformation plugin, and export data with pre-built apps - such as [BigQuery](https://posthog.com/apps/bigquery-export), [Redshift](https://posthog.com/apps/redshift-export), [Snowflake](https://posthog.com/apps/snowflake-export), and [S3](https://posthog.com/apps/s3-expo)

[Read a full list of PostHog features](https://posthog.com/product).

## Docs and support

> Read how to [integrate](https://posthog.com/docs/integrate), and [extend](https://posthog.com/docs/apps) PostHog in our [documentation](https://posthog.com/docs).

Reviewer: I do think its useful to have hobby deploy docs here somewhere

Author: ```suggestion
Read how to [integrate](https://posthog.com/docs/integrate), and [extend](https://posthog.com/docs/apps) an open-source 'Hobby' deployment of PostHog in our [documentation](https://posthog.com/docs).
```
